[OSDOCS#18693]: CQA Remediation for Cert Manager Operator OSDOCS-17173 - PR2 (#116256)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-configuring-routes.adoc

EOF
----
+

> where:

Reviewer: See the previous comment about the `<placeholder>` style. In Andrea's PR of example, [this module](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/102276/changes#diff-d8993bca15c862a2f83b0d75595d4198b515aa447104f2429f4ba2d1e8b0f68e) recommends how to replace this type of callout.

  secretName: <secret_name>
EOF
----

> where:

Reviewer: I think the original `<placeholder>` style would be more suitable:

`<namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where the `Certificate` resource is located. This must be the same namespace as the route.
`<common_host>`:: Specifies the common name of the certificate by using the hostname of the route.
`<hostname>`:: Specifies the hostname of the route for the certificate DNS names.
`<secret_name>`:: Specifies the name of the secret that contains the certificate.

> `metadata.namespace`:: Specifies the `namespace` where the `Certificate` resource is located. It should be the same as the namespace of route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metadata.namespace`:: Specifies the `namespace` where the `Certificate` resource is located. This must be the same namespace as the route.
```

+
where:
+

> `<route_name>`:: Specifies the route name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<route_name>`:: Specifies the name of your route.
```
'your' is consistent with the descriptions below it.

`<service_name>`:: Specifies the service you want to expose.
`<hostname>`:: Specifies the hostname of your route.
`<namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace where your route is located.

> . Update the `.spec.tls.externalCertificate` field to reference the previously created secret and use the certificate issued by `cert-manager` by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update the `.spec.tls.externalCertificate` field of your route to reference the previously created secret and use the certificate issued by `cert-manager` by using the following command:
```
